TO BE MERGED FOR MTV 2.8.1: MTV 2.8.1 Release notes (#673)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/new-features-and-enhancements-2-8.adoc

{project-first} 2.8 introduces the following features and enhancements:

* In {project-short} 2.8.0, you can provide custom names for the following attributes in the migration plan of VMware virtual machines (VMs):
+ 
** Persistent volume claim (PVC) name template that is used to generate PVC names in the target VM. 
** Volume name template that is used to generate volume interface names for the target VMs.
** Network name template that is used to generate network interface names for the target VMs.

* In {project-short} 2.8.0, VM names can contain periods, as described in link:https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc1123[(RFC-1123)]. This allows you to use Fully Qualified Domain Names in VM names after migration. 

> * VMware and OVA only: In {project-short} 2.8.1, you can specify the name of a target VM for migrations done by using the CLI. The name you enter must be unique and it must be a valid Kubernetes subdomain. Otherwise, the migration fails automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* VMware and OVA only: In {project-short} 2.8.1, you can specify the name of a target VM for migrations done by using the CLI. The name you enter must be unique, and it must also be a valid Kubernetes subdomain. Otherwise, the migration fails automatically.
```

** Network name template that is used to generate network interface names for the target VMs.

* In {project-short} 2.8.0, VM names can contain periods, as described in link:https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc1123[(RFC-1123)]. This allows you to use Fully Qualified Domain Names in VM names after migration. 

> * (VMware and OVA only) In {project-short} 2.8.1, you can specify the name of a target VM for migrations doneusing the CLI. The name you enter must be unique and it must be a valid Kubernetes subdomain. Otherwise, the migration fails automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (VMware and OVA only) in {project-short} 2.8.1, you can specify the name of a target VM for migrations done using the CLI. The name you enter must be unique, and it must be a valid Kubernetes subdomain. Otherwise, the migration fails automatically.
```
